add customized urls and sample (#858)
kubeflow/kfserving: docs/samples/custom/customized-urls/Readme.md

# Customized URLs Sample

> In some situations, we want to deploy the inference service under `custom model`, and we just have the custom image, can not modify it's server route, this server maybe have one more endpoints. For these situations, we can use adding an annotation to solve this problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, we want to deploy the inference service under `custom model`, and we just have the custom image but can not modify its server routes, this server may have one or more predict endpoints. In this case, we can add a custom predictor annotation to configure the routing.
```

  ```shell
  docker build -t ${your-dockerhub-id}/customized-urls:latest .
  docker push ${your-dockerhub-id}/customized-urls:latest
  ```

* Config the Yaml

  If you have more than one endpoints in your server, you can use `,` to split them.

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: serving.kubeflow.org/v1alpha2
  kind: InferenceService
  metadata:
    labels:
      controller-tools.k8s.io: "1.0"
    name: customized-urls-sample
    annotations:
      custom.urls: "/customized/urls/demo/test/1,/v1/models/customized-sample:predict"
  spec:
    default:
      predictor:
        custom:
          container:
            image: iamlovingit/customized-urls:latest
            container_port: 5000
  ```

* Deploy the  yaml and check the Inference service status

  ```shel
  kubectl apply -f customized-urls.yaml
  kubectl get inferenceservice customized-urls-sample
  ```

  Expect output:

  ```shell
  NAME                     URL                                                                               
                                                 READY   DEFAULT TRAFFIC   CANARY TRAFFIC   AGE

>   customized-urls-sample   http://customized-urls-sample.default.10.166.15.200.xip.io/customized/urls/demo/test/1,http://customized-urls-sample.default.10.166.15.200.xip.io/v1/models/customized-sample:predict   True    100                                17m

Reviewer: interesting! Can you help add a step to show how to get the `xip.io` test domain?

Author: In this section: `Deploy the yaml and check the Inference service status`, have shown the command `kubectl get inferenceservice customized-urls-sample`
